Mad Libs 

Giraffes have aroused the curiosity of Dinosaur Socks (plural noun)  since the earliest times. The giraffe is the tallest of all living 
Daffodils (plural noun), but scientists are unable to explain how it got its long big toe(part of the body). The giraffe’s tremendous
height, which might reach 1.5 (number) chickens(plural noun) long, comes mostly from its legs and nose(part of the body). If a 
giraffe wants to take a drink of soda(type of liquid) from the ground, it has to spread its toenails(part of the body plural) far 
apart in order to reach down and lap up the Sweet tea(type of liquid) with its huge phalanges (part of the body). The giraffe has 
Moist (adjective) ears that are sensitive to the faintest flamboyant(plural noun), and it has a saucy(adjective) sense of smell 
and sight. When attacked, a giraffe can put up a/an slippery (adjective) fight by sleeping (verb ending in “ing”) out with its hind legs and 
using its head like a sledge dog(noun) .Finally, a giraffe can gallop at more than thirty tomatoes(plural noun) an hour when 
pursued and can outrun the fastest clock(noun).

Ladies and gentlemen, on this Moist (adjective) occasion it is a privilege to address such a crunchy granola(adjective) -looking group of 
spicy grammar written by erin (plural noun).I can tell from your smiling elves (plural noun) that you will support my fluffy(adjective) program in the coming 
election. I promise that, if elected, there will be a/an shoelace(noun) in every pineapple(noun) and two cacti(plural noun) in every 
garage. I want to warn you against my purple(adjective) opponent, Mr. Daniel(person in the room male) . The man is nothing but a/an 
Granola(adjective) table(noun). He has an aged(adjective) character and is working hippo(noun) in glove with the criminal 
element. If elected, I promise to eliminate vice. I will keep the markers(plural noun) off the city’s streets. I will keep crooks from 
dipping their children(plural noun) in the public till. I promise you fabulous(adjective) government, cold (adjective) taxes, and 
fluffy(adjective) schools. 

Today is a great day to cry over stolen crawfish(verb), I have an engineering exam today. I woke up this morning at litty titty time(time), and got 
right to work studying underwater basket weaving(subject in school). No matter how much I studied though, I was confused with basic math skills(basic subject).

This made me very sad, so I decided to eat sour patch kids(junk food) until I burst. My exam was at 7 p.m. and I had no idea whether to cry o 
study(verb).

Luckily my friend Kaelyn(close friend’s name) was in the same boat. We both collectively thought the same thing, it couldn’t be 
worse than majoring with a Interpretive Dance(college major) degree.

After hours of being terrified and peachy(emotion), we took our exam.

The first thing we thought when we saw it was wow I totally with get a z(letter between A-Z) on this one!

After waiting for Erin's imaginary friend(close friend’s name) to finish, I remembered that I forgot to write my name on the exam, buughhhhehhgfkkdur(frustrated word).

Oh well, that’s being an engineer. Sure better than being an English major, right?
